--------- _Profile Forms and Actions ----------


-- Functions -- 

_ProfileForms(profile, field, id) - This function 
is used as an ajax response in updateable profiles. 
A field is passed for a particular profile, and a 
form is returned that allows the particular field 
to be updated. Valid field options include:

address, telephone, province, vowyear, leftsm, dob, 
mdob, birth, mpdob, dod, death, email, distribution, 
reunion15, bionotes, Administrative, relationships, 
death registration

clean(rs, field) - (unsure)

formLine(field, label, val, type) - This function 
returns a table row with a basic form input. The 
label is displayed in front of the input. The field 
parameter is the field name. Valid type options 
include: 

month and day dropdown (mmdd), yes or no checkbox 
(y_n), required text field (required)


_processProfileForm(form) - This function is called 
to process an updateable profile form that has been 
submitted. This function makes all the necessary 
database insertions

_AdminForms - This function creates administrative 
forms for updateable profiles. This function also 
handles form processing after the form is submitted. 
Administrative form options include: 

registerDeathForm, vacateUnitForm, manageNamesForm, 
addCBmemberForm, and changeMemberStatusForm

_stripVowYear(x) - This function strips x number of 
digits off the end of the name display name string, 
essentially stripping the proceeding vow year.

_ancestorTreeTxt(pID) - If the ancestry exists in the 
database, a text version of the ancestry is returned.

_setPrimaryEmail(pID, email, comment) - sets the 
primary email address of the user passed to the 
email passed into the function 

_MissingPersonNotes(pID) - (unsure)

_addRelation(pID, relation, pID2) - a function that 
establishes a relation from the user of pID to the 
user of pID2

_phoneFormat(n) - A simple function that formats a 
phone number that is passed into the appropriate 
format for the database